a music]
I haven't forgotten the images of your films Leo's face
I loved seeing from the train the eyes that you stuck on containers for
what is funny is that we have not crossed paths since the time when writing is
that we are going to make a film together well yeah we do not put but what is it
we are going to do but we are going to take pictures together but otherwise you know
it is with this truck that I go all over the world
people it enters from the back like in a photo booth and the fault of the lot in
the five seconds on the side in large format that's what we learn to
know thank you for coming hello coco
jeanne mas yes because they are a dad and each face has a story this beautiful
corner [Music]
1 2 3 already I did not think that the image would be as big I answer it is this
that I wish most the faces that I meet and photograph for
that they do not fall so soon into blackouts
[Music] when I propose to you it is that it was
to store more image before everything get the hell out of it
this is very well printed on small porcelain plates
[Music] it's the risks it's beautiful this trad in
no more places you'll ever end up [Music]
1 in fact you see blur was happy
and you see all french and you are happy a face it's beautiful
the goal is the power of the imagination
Known to the destinations of the mourning hats his ticket authorization while yesterday
I want to say something between us all fines you can them
send to 1 and varda okay